---
project: ast-explorer
stars: 406
description: A web tool to explore the ASTs generated by parsers.
url: https://github.com/sxzz/ast-explorer
---

AST Explorer
============

AST Explorer - A web tool to explore the ASTs generated by parsers.

-   Stable Release: ast-explorer.dev
-   Dev Channel: dev.ast-explorer.dev

Feel free to add more languages and parsers via PR!

Features
--------

-   🦾 Enable code highlighting, suggestions, and formatting with Monaco Editor.
-   🤩 Support most popular front-end languages and parsers.
-   🗒️ Save your code via URL. No database, no server downtime.
-   🐙 Customize parser version via CDN, e.g., `@babel/parser` alpha.
-   🌈 Set custom parser options with a GUI.
-   🌚 Good-looking dark mode theme.
-   📱 Even compatible with mobile devices.

Languages and Parsers
---------------------

-   JavaScript / TypeScript
    -   Babel
    -   TypeScript
    -   Oxc
    -   SWC
    -   Acron
    -   Espree
    -   TypeScript ESLint
    -   Esprima Next
    -   Flow
    -   Hermes
    -   meriyah
-   Vue
-   Svelte
-   Astro
-   Angular
-   CSS
    -   csstree
    -   PostCSS
    -   Lightning CSS
-   HTML
    -   htmlparser2
    -   rehype
    -   @html-eslint/parser
    -   ultrahtml
-   JSON
    -   json-to-ast
    -   moma
    -   jsonc-eslint-parser
-   WXML
-   Markdown
    -   remark
-   YAML
    -   yaml
    -   yaml-eslint-parser
-   Rust
    -   astexplorer-syn
    -   jinx-rust
-   PHP
    -   php-parser
-   Solidity
-   SQL
    -   sql-parser-cst

URL Encode Algorithm
--------------------

The input code and options are stored in the URL as a hash fragment, which is the string following the `#` symbol and is not transmitted to the server.

#### Implementation

const code \= 'code'
const parserId \= 'acorn'
const optionsString \= JSON.stringify({
  ecmaVersion: 'latest',
  sourceType: 'module',
})
const serialized \= utoa(
  // utoa, or compress() if want to compress the data
  JSON.stringify({
    c: code,
    p: parserId,
    o: optionsString,
  }),
)
const url \= \`https://ast-explorer.dev/#${serialized}\`

// no compress
function utoa(data: string): string {
  return btoa(unescape(encodeURIComponent(data)))
}

// compress is optional
import { strFromU8, strToU8, unzlibSync, zlibSync } from 'fflate'
function compress(data: string) {
  const buffer \= strToU8(data)
  const zipped \= zlibSync(buffer, { level: 9 })
  const binary \= strFromU8(zipped, true)
  return btoa(binary)
}

Contributing
------------

To contribute to the project, see Contribution Guide.

Credits
-------

This project references and is inspired by fkling/astexplorer, an open-source web tool for exploring the ASTs generated by various parsers.

Also, thanks to the following projects for their contributions:

-   https://play.swc.rs/

Sponsors
--------

License
-------

AGPL-3.0 License © 2023-PRESENT 三咲智子
