---
project: vui-vc-next
stars: 18
description: Vue3 with Vite6 Playground - Mobile web UI components - (vue3+vite6).
url: https://github.com/v-poc/vui-vc-next
---

vui-vc-next (aka VUI.VC.next)
=============================

> Yet another **lightweight** and **Vite-powered** Mobile web UI components based on **Vue 3** and **Vite 6**.

Contains
--------

-   Vue
-   Vue Router
-   Vite
    -   Vue 3 SFC support via @vitejs/plugin-vue
    -   HMR
    -   Dev Server Proxy
    -   Library Mode
    -   CSS Pre-processors
        -   Sass
    -   PostCSS
        -   postcss-pxtorem
-   Vitepress

Preview
-------

Try StackBlitz or try QR code SFC playground to scan to access the examples on mobile/tablet device.

Compatibility Notes
-------------------

-   Due to usage of new runtime helpers, code generated by the template compiler in >= `3.2` will not be compatible with runtime < `3.2`.

Please note that vui-vc-next `v0.13.21+` contains code pre-compiled by Vue >= `3.2`, the library will be only compatible with Vue >= `3.2`.

Status
------

-   More UI components WIP based on Vue 3.
-   Currently JavaScript version only, will provide TypeScript codebase in next major version.
-   About project test, will provide unit/e2e test in next major version.

Usage
-----

Select the components you need to build your web App. Please check VUI-POC for some reference.

VUI (based on vue3) is able to run in cross-platform solutions by Taro3. Please check VUI-Taro for some reference.

-   miniprogram (weapp/swan/alipay/tt/qq/jd) - `zh-CN` project
-   quickapp - `zh-CN` project
-   h5
-   react native

> The mobile-first responsive-UI is also fit for desktop web.
> 
> `vui-vc-next` is for `Vite 6.x` (Library Mode) and onward. Vite 1.x's demo is archived. `VUI.VC.next` is the playground project of `v-poc` Organization, the naming `VUI next` is not relavant to `vue ui`.

Project setup
-------------

### How to setup your project

```
pnpm i
```

### Compiles and hot-reloads for development

```
pnpm start
```

### Compiles and minifies for production

#### build lib

```
pnpm run build
```

#### build demo

```
pnpm run build-demo
```

Project docs - `VUI.VC.next` docs
---------------------------------

### Compiles docs for development

```
pnpm run dev-docs
```

### Compiles and minifies docs for production

```
pnpm run build-docs
```

Customize configuration
-----------------------

About vite and vitepress, please check Configuration Reference - vite, vitepress.

License
-------
