---
project: TDengine
stars: 24339
description: High-performance, scalable time-series database designed for Industrial IoT (IIoT) scenarios
url: https://github.com/taosdata/TDengine
---

  
  

English | 简体中文 | TDengine Cloud | Learn more about TSDB

Table of Contents
=================

1.  Introduction
2.  Documentation
3.  Prerequisites
    -   3.1 Prerequisites On Linux
    -   3.2 Prerequisites On macOS
    -   3.3 Prerequisites On Windows
    -   3.4 Clone the repo
4.  Building
    -   4.1 Build on Linux
    -   4.2 Build on macOS
    -   4.3 Build On Windows
5.  Packaging
6.  Installation
    -   6.1 Install on Linux
    -   6.2 Install on macOS
    -   6.3 Install on Windows
7.  Running
    -   7.1 Run TDengine on Linux
    -   7.2 Run TDengine on macOS
    -   7.3 Run TDengine on Windows
8.  Testing
9.  Releasing
10.  Workflow
11.  Coverage
12.  Contributing

1\. Introduction
================

TDengine is an open source, high-performance, cloud native and AI powered time-series database designed for Internet of Things (IoT), Connected Cars, and Industrial IoT. It enables efficient, real-time data ingestion, processing, and analysis of TB and even PB scale data per day, generated by billions of sensors and data collectors. TDengine differentiates itself from other time-series databases with the following advantages:

-   **High Performance**: TDengine is the only time-series database to solve the high cardinality issue to support billions of data collection points while out performing other time-series databases for data ingestion, querying and data compression.
    
-   **Simplified Solution**: Through built-in caching, stream processing, data subscription and AI agent features, TDengine provides a simplified solution for time-series data processing. It reduces system design complexity and operation costs significantly.
    
-   **Cloud Native**: Through native distributed design, sharding and partitioning, separation of compute and storage, RAFT, support for kubernetes deployment and full observability, TDengine is a cloud native Time-Series Database and can be deployed on public, private or hybrid clouds.
    
-   **AI Powered**: Through the built in AI agent TDgpt, TDengine can connect to a variety of time series foundation model, large language model, machine learning and traditional algorithms to provide time series data forecasting, anomly detection, imputation and classification.
    
-   **Ease of Use**: For administrators, TDengine significantly reduces the effort to deploy and maintain. For developers, it provides a simple interface, simplified solution and seamless integrations for third party tools. For data users, it gives easy data access.
    
-   **Easy Data Analytics**: Through super tables, storage and compute separation, data partitioning by time interval, pre-computation and AI agent, TDengine makes it easy to explore, format, and get access to data in a highly efficient way.
    
-   **Open Source**: TDengine’s core modules, including cluster feature and AI agent, are all available under open source licenses. It has gathered 23.7k stars on GitHub. There is an active developer community, and over 730k running instances worldwide.
    

For a full list of TDengine competitive advantages, please check here. The easiest way to experience TDengine is through TDengine Cloud. For the latest TDengine component TDgpt, please refer to TDgpt README for details.

2\. Documentation
=================

For user manual, system design and architecture, please refer to TDengine Documentation (TDengine 文档)

You can choose to install TDengine via container, installation package, Kubernetes or try fully managed service without installation. This quick guide is for developers who want to contribute, build, release and test TDengine by themselves.

For contributing/building/testing TDengine Connectors, please check the following repositories: JDBC Connector, Go Connector, Python Connector, Node.js Connector, C# Connector, Rust Connector.

3\. Prerequisites
=================

At the moment, TDengine server supports running on Linux/MacOS systems. Any application can also choose the RESTful interface provided by taosAdapter to connect the taosd service. TDengine supports X64/ARM64 CPU, and it will support MIPS64, Alpha64, ARM32, RISC-V and other CPU architectures in the future. Right now we don't support build with cross-compiling environment.

Starting from version 3.1.0.0, TDengine supports the Windows system exclusively in its TSDB-Enterprise edition.

If you want to compile taosAdapter or taosKeeper, you need to install Go 1.23 or above.

3.1 Prerequisites on Linux
--------------------------

Install required tools on Linux

### For Ubuntu 18.04、20.04、22.04

sudo apt-get update
sudo apt-get install -y gcc cmake build-essential git libjansson-dev \\
  libsnappy-dev liblzma-dev zlib1g-dev pkg-config

### For CentOS 8

sudo yum update
yum install -y epel-release gcc gcc-c++ make cmake git perl dnf-plugins-core 
yum config-manager --set-enabled powertools
yum install -y zlib-static xz-devel snappy-devel jansson-devel pkgconfig libatomic-static libstdc++-static 

3.2 Prerequisites on macOS
--------------------------

Install required tools on macOS

Please install the dependencies with brew.

brew install argp-standalone gflags pkgconfig

3.3 Prerequisites on Windows
----------------------------

Not available for TDengine TSDB-OSS.

3.4 Clone the repo
------------------

Clone the repository to the target machine:

git clone https://github.com/taosdata/TDengine.git
cd TDengine

4\. Building
============

TDengine provide a few useful tools such as taosBenchmark (was named taosdemo) and taosdump. They were part of TDengine. By default, TDengine compiling does not include taosTools. You can use `cmake .. -DBUILD_TOOLS=true` to make them be compiled with TDengine.

TDengine requires GCC 9.3.1 or higher and CMake 3.18.0 or higher for building.

4.1 Build on Linux
------------------

Detailed steps to build on Linux

You can run the bash script `build.sh` to build both TDengine and taosTools including taosBenchmark and taosdump as below:

./build.sh

It equals to execute following commands:

mkdir debug && cd debug
cmake .. -DBUILD\_TOOLS=true -DBUILD\_CONTRIB=true
make

If you want to compile taosAdapter, you need to add the `-DBUILD_HTTP=false` option.

If you want to compile taosKeeper, you need to add the `-DBUILD_KEEPER=true` option.

You can use Jemalloc as memory allocator instead of glibc:

cmake .. -DJEMALLOC\_ENABLED=ON

TDengine build script can auto-detect the host machine's architecture on x86, x86-64, arm64 platform. You can also specify architecture manually by CPUTYPE option:

cmake .. -DCPUTYPE=aarch64 && cmake --build .

4.2 Build on macOS
------------------

Detailed steps to build on macOS

Please install XCode command line tools and cmake. Verified with XCode 11.4+ on Catalina and Big Sur.

mkdir debug && cd debug
cmake .. && cmake --build .

If you want to compile taosAdapter, you need to add the `-DBUILD_HTTP=false` option.

If you want to compile taosKeeper, you need to add the `-DBUILD_KEEPER=true` option.

4.3 Build on Windows
--------------------

Not available for TDengine TSDB-OSS.

5\. Packaging
=============

The TDengine TSDB-OSS installer can NOT be created by this repository only, due to some component dependencies. We are still working on this improvement.

6\. Installation
================

6.1 Install on Linux
--------------------

Detailed steps to install on Linux

After building successfully, TDengine can be installed by:

sudo make install

Installing from source code will also configure service management for TDengine. Users can also choose to install from packages for it.

6.2 Install on macOS
--------------------

Detailed steps to install on macOS

After building successfully, TDengine can be installed by:

sudo make install

6.3 Install on Windows
----------------------

Not available for TDengine TSDB-OSS.

7\. Running
===========

7.1 Run TDengine on Linux
-------------------------

Detailed steps to run on Linux

To start the service after installation on linux, in a terminal, use:

sudo systemctl start taosd

Then users can use the TDengine CLI to connect the TDengine server. In a terminal, use:

taos

If TDengine CLI connects the server successfully, welcome messages and version info are printed. Otherwise, an error message is shown.

If you don't want to run TDengine as a service, you can run it in current shell. For example, to quickly start a TDengine server after building, run the command below in terminal: (We take Linux as an example, command on Windows will be `taosd.exe`)

./build/bin/taosd -c test/cfg

In another terminal, use the TDengine CLI to connect the server:

./build/bin/taos -c test/cfg

Option `-c test/cfg` specifies the system configuration file directory.

7.2 Run TDengine on macOS
-------------------------

Detailed steps to run on macOS

To start the service after installation on macOS, double-click the /applications/TDengine to start the program, or in a terminal, use:

sudo launchctl start com.tdengine.taosd

Then users can use the TDengine CLI to connect the TDengine server. In a terminal, use:

taos

If TDengine CLI connects the server successfully, welcome messages and version info are printed. Otherwise, an error message is shown.

7.3 Run TDengine on Windows
---------------------------

Not available for TDengine TSDB-OSS.

8\. Testing
===========

For how to run different types of tests on TDengine, please see Testing TDengine.

9\. Releasing
=============

For the complete list of TDengine Releases, please see Releases.

10\. Workflow
=============

TDengine build check workflow can be found in this Github Action. More workflows will be available soon.

11\. Coverage
=============

Latest TDengine test coverage report can be found on coveralls.io

How to run the coverage report locally? To create the test coverage report (in HTML format) locally, please run following commands:

cd tests
bash setup-lcov.sh -v 1.16 && ./run\_local\_coverage.sh -b main -c task 
# on main branch and run cases in longtimeruning\_cases.task 
# for more information about options please refer to ./run\_local\_coverage.sh -h

> **NOTE:** Please note that the -b and -i options will recompile TDengine with the -DCOVER=true option, which may take a amount of time.

12\. Contributing
=================

Please follow the contribution guidelines to contribute to TDengine.
